# Tumblr #

## Purpose ##
The tumblr plugin allows the user to bring in blog posts of various types, a blog avatar or a blog info and display its information at a given start and end time. All blog post types are supported ( text, audio, video, photo, chat, answer, quote, link ).

## Options ##

The following options are required by all plugin types:
* RequestType [String]: is the name of the type of tumblr plugin request being made. Options: INFO, AVATAR, BLOGPOST
* Target [String]: is the id of the document element that the text needs to be attached to. This target element must exist on the DOM
* Start [Number]: is the time that you want this plug-in to execute
* End [Number]: is the time that you want this plug-in to stop executing

The following option is required by BLOGPOST and INFO requests:
* API_KEY [String]: is the API key registered with Tumblr for use with their API

The following option is required for BLOGPOST requests:
* BlogId [Number]: is the id that identifies a unique blog post. This is used for the user to specify the specific post they want to be displayed.

The following option is optional for AVATAR requests:
* Size [Number]: is the width in pixels that the returned image will be. 

The following options is optional for BLOGPOST requests:
* Width [Number]: is the width of the video or photo being returned. Defaults to 250 pixels for photo blog posts and 400 for video blog posts.  
 
## Example ##

    var pop = Popcorn("#video");
    
    pop.tumblr( {
      start: 5, 
      end: 15,
      requestType: 'blogpost',
      target: 'tumblrBlogInfodiv',
      base_hostname: "john.io",
      blogId: 10596794348,
      api_key: "7lQpV9mMr2PiYjd20FavZcmReq8cWU0oHTS6d3YIB8rLUQvvcg" 
    } );
    
* [jsFiddle Example](http://jsfiddle.net/UC6Px/15/);