---
title: Googlemap
---
# Googlemap #

## Purpose ##

Adds a map to the target div centered on the location specified by the user.

## Options ##

* **start** \[Number\] - The time you want the Googlemap to appear (in seconds).
* **end** \[Number\] - The time you want the Googlemap to be hidden (in seconds).
* **target** \[String\] - Target is the id of the DOM element that you want the map to appear in. This element must be in the DOM
* **type** \[String, optional\] - either: HYBRID (default), ROADMAP, SATELLITE, TERRAIN, STREETVIEW
* **zoom** \[Number, optional\] - defaults to 0
* **heading** \[Number, optional\] - STREETVIEW orientation of camera in degrees relative to true north (0 north, 90 true east, etc)
* **pitch** \[Number, optional\] - STREETVIEW vertical orientation of the camera (between 1 and 3 is recommended)
* **lat** \[Number\] - The Latitude that the map should be centered on.
* **lng** \[Number\] - The Longitude that the map should be centered on. (NOTE: Lat and Lng bust be specified if no Location is provided.)
* **location** \[String\] - An address/location to center the map on. Must be present if lat and lng are not specified.
* **onmaploaded** \[Function, optional\] - A callback function that gets fired once the map has loaded. The callback function also receives the options object as well as a reference to the map object.

*Note:* using location requires extra loading time, also not specifying both lat/lng and location will
cause and error.

## Tweening ##

Tweening animates a streetview from one location to another.

* **location** \[String\] - The start point when using an auto generated route
* **interval** \[Number\] - is the speed in which the tween will be executed, a reasonable time is 1000 (time in milliseconds)
* **heading**, **Zoom**, and **Pitch** \[Number\] -  streetview values are also used in tweening with the autogenerated route (see above)
* **tween** \[Object\] - An array of objects, each containing data for one frame of a tween
* **position** \[Object\] - An object with two keys, lat and lng, both which are mandatory for a tween to work
* **pov** \[Object\] - An object which houses heading, pitch, and zoom paramters, which are all optional, if undefined, these values default to 0

## Example ##

{% highlight js linenos %}
    var p = Popcorn( "#video" ).googlemap({
      start: 5,
      end: 15,
      type: "ROADMAP",
      target: "map",
      lat: 43.665429,
      lng: -79.403323
    });
{% endhighlight %}

{% highlight js linenos %}
    var p = Popcorn( "#video" ).googlemap({
      start: 1,
      end: 5,
      type: "STREETVIEW",
      target: "map2",
      location: "Toronto, Ontario, Canada",
      onmaploaded: function( options, map ) {
        // map is a reference to the actual map object
        // options is the options object that was passed in initially
      }
    });
{% endhighlight %}
