---
title: Tumblr
---
# Tumblr #

## Purpose ##
The tumblr plugin allows the user to bring in blog posts of various types, a blog avatar or a blog info and display its information at a given start and end time. All blog post types are supported ( text, audio, video, photo, chat, answer, quote, link ).

## Options ##

The following options are required by all plugin types:

* **requestType** \[String\]: is the name of the type of tumblr plugin request being made. Options: INFO, AVATAR, BLOGPOST.
* **target** \[String\]: is the id of the document element that the text needs to be attached to. This target element must exist on the DOM.
* **start** \[Number\]: is the time that you want this plug-in to execute.
* **end** \[Number\]: is the time that you want this plug-in to stop executing.


The following option is required by BLOGPOST and INFO requests:

* **api_key** \[String\]: is the API key registered with Tumblr for use with their API.


The following option is required for BLOGPOST requests:

* **blogId** \[Number\]: is the id that identifies a unique blog post. This is used for the user to specify the specific post they want to be displayed.


The following option is optional for AVATAR requests:

* **size** \[Number\]: is the width in pixels that the returned image will be. 


The following options is optional for BLOGPOST requests:

* **width** \[Number\]: is the width of the video or photo being returned. Defaults to 250 pixels for photo blog posts and 400 for video blog posts.  
 
## Example ##

{% highlight js linenos %}
    var pop = Popcorn("#video");
    
    pop.tumblr( {
      start: 1, 
      end: 4,
      requestType: 'blogpost',
      target: 'tumblrBlogInfodiv',
      base_hostname: "john.io",
      blogId: 10596794348,
      api_key: "7lQpV9mMr2PiYjd20FavZcmReq8cWU0oHTS6d3YIB8rLUQvvcg" 
    } );
{% endhighlight %}
    
[Live Demo of the Tumblr Plugin](http://jsfiddle.net/UC6Px/15/);