---
title: Facebook
---
# Facebook #

## Purpose ##

The facebook plugin allows the user to bring popular aspects from facebook and display them to the user between a given start and end time. Features a like box, a stream of a user's friends, comments on a specific post, and many more.

## Options ##

* Sets options according to user input or default values

* **type** \[String\] -  is the name of the plugin in fbxml format. Options: LIKE (default), LIKE-BOX, ACTIVITY, FACEPILE
* **target** \[String\] - is the id of the document element that the text needs to be attached to. This target element must exist on the DOM
* **start** \[Number\] - is the time \[in seconds\] that you want this plug-in to execute
* **end** \[Number\] - is the time \[in seconds\] that you want this plug-in to stop executing

* Other than the mandatory four parameters, there are several optional parameters (Some options are only applicable to certain plugins)

* **action** \[String\] - like button will either "Like" or "Recommend". Options: recommend / like (default)
* **always_post_to_friends** \[Boolean\] - live-stream posts will be always be posted on your facebook wall if true. Options: true / false (default)
* **border_color** \[String\] - border color of the activity feed. Names (i.e: "white") and html color codes are valid
* **colorscheme** \[String\] - changes the color of almost all plugins. Options: light (default) / dark
* **event_app_id** \[String\] - an app_id is required for the live-stream plugin
* **font** \[String\] - the font of the text contained in the plugin. Options: arial / segoe ui / tahoma / trebuchet ms / verdana / lucida grande
* **header** \[Boolean\] - displays the title of like-box or activity feed. Options: true / false (default)
* **href** \[String\] - url to apply to the plugin. Default is current page
* **layout** \[String\] - changes the format of the 'like' count (written in english or a number in a callout). Options: box_count / button_count / standard (default)
* **max_rows** \[Number\] - number of rows to disperse pictures in facepile. Default is 1
* **recommendations** \[Boolean\] - shows recommendations, if any, in the bottom half of activity feed. Options: true / false (default)
* **show_faces** \[Boolean\] - show pictures beside like button and like-box. Options: true / false (default)
* **site** \[String\] - href for activity feed. No idea why it must be "site". Default is current page
* **stream** \[Boolean\] - displays the latest posts from the specified page's wall. Options: true / false (default)
* **type** \[String\] - determines which plugin to create. Case insensitive
* **xid** \[String\] - unique identifier if more than one live-streams are on one page

## Example ##

{% highlight js linenos %}
    var pop = Popcorn( "#video" );

    pop.facebook({
      type: "live-stream",
      target: "activitydiv",
      start: 1,
      end: 10,
      // id is from example http://developers.facebook.com/docs/reference/plugins/live-stream/
      event_app_id: 174243249296725
    });
{% endhighlight %}

[Live demo of the facebook plugin](http://jsfiddle.net/popcornjs/UC6Px/);
